Campus Recruitement Management System.
A college campus recruitment system consists of a student login and an admin login. The project is beneficial for college students and various companies visiting the campus for recruitment and even the college placement officer. The software system allows the students to create their profiles and upload all their details including their marks onto the system. The admin can check each student details and can remove faulty accounts. The software system allows students to view a list of companies who have posted for vacancy. The admin has overall rights over the system and can moderate and delete any details not pertaining to college placement rules. The system handles student as well as company data and efficiently displays all this data to respective sides. The management filters the student database based on the requirement of the companies. Students used to register for the recruitment drive and they give their details with marks. Based on the company requirement management filters the student data and gives the list to the company.The department administrator has control over the entire database system, where they can post notification. By using tools like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, PHP and MySQL The objective of the project is to create a powerful database to handle the information, data retrieval and data manipulation of the college. This also provides an way easy to use web-based interface that can be accessed by any devices. We will provide more ease for managing the data than manually maintaining in the documents. Our work is useful for saving valuable and reduces the huge paper work
